[ENH] Document GraphDB setup script and other setup clarifications (#180)
neurobagel/documentation: docs/infrastructure.md

    We recommend using GraphDB if these restrictions are not a blocker.

    **Note: You do not need to download GraphDB from the official website for the setup steps below.**

> 

Reviewer: How about we put this into a warning or info box instead. We already have many of them on the page, so to make some room, how about we also delete the one about RDF being a niche thing:

![image](https://github.com/neurobagel/documentation/assets/1302022/7e63cc19-882b-49d4-b8e3-c5d1432aee04)

i.e.
- make current "RDF is niche" box go away
- put new warning in a box

there are a couple of setup steps that need to be done. 
These will not have to be repeated for subsequent starts.

=== "GraphDB"

    The `recipes` repo you cloned contains a script [`graphdb_setup.sh`](https://github.com/neurobagel/recipes/blob/main/scripts/graphdb_setup.sh) which runs the first-time setup steps automatically for GraphDB.

    ??? info "Non-automated options for interacting with the GraphDB backend"

        1. Directly send HTTP requests to the HTTP REST endpoints of the GraphDB backend 
        e.g. using `curl`. GraphDB uses the [RDF4J API](https://rdf4j.org/documentation/reference/rest-api/) specification.
        2. Use the GraphDB web interface (called [the Workbench](https://graphdb.ontotext.com/documentation/10.0/architecture-components.html)), which offers a more accessible way to manage the GraphDB instance. 
        Once your local GraphDB backend is running
        you can connect to the Workbench at [http://localhost:7200](http://localhost:7200).

>         The Workbench is well documented on the [GraphDB website](https://graphdb.ontotext.com/documentation/10.0/workbench-user-interface.html).

Reviewer: Like it, but I would put this at the very end of the section in order to not interrupt reading flow. Right now it's: "OK, let's get ready to set you up. No worries, it's going to be easy with this script! HOLD ON REAL QUICK: have you heard about this alternative way where you don't use the script? OK, right back to our original topic ..."

Better to keep at the end

            ```

    4. Grant the newly created user from step 2 permissions to access the database

        ??? example "Doing this manually with `curl`"

            ```bash
            curl -X PUT --header 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '
            {"grantedAuthorities": ["WRITE_REPO_my_db","READ_REPO_my_db"]}' http://localhost:7200/rest/security/users/DBUSER -u "admin:NewAdminPassword"
            ```

            - `"WRITE_REPO_my_db"`: Grants write permission.
            - `"READ_REPO_my_db"`: Grants read permission.

            Make sure you replace `my_db` with the name of the graph db you have just created. 

    If the script has run all steps successfully, you should see:
    ```bash
    Done.
    ```

    You can now proceed to the section [Uploading data to the graph](#uploading-data-to-the-graph).

=== "Stardog"

    **Note: Stardog has been deprecated as a supported Neurobagel graph backend.**

## Updating your graph backend configuration

### Updating existing database user permissions

!!! tip
    You can verify a user's settings at any time with the following:
    ```bash

>     curl -u "admin:NewAdminPassword" http://localhost:7200/rest/security/users/DBUSER

Reviewer: Move that below the first paragraph - shouldn't be the first thing the user sees / should not appear without context.

Reviewer: I would move it under 

> Of note, in GraphDB, there is no straightforward REST API call to update a user's database access permissions without replacing the list of their existing database permissions ("grantedAuthorities") entirely.

    ```

If you want to change database access permissions (e.g., adding or removing access to a database) for an _existing_ user in your GraphDB instance, you must do so manually.

Of note, in GraphDB, there is no straightforward REST API call to update a user's database access permissions without replacing the list of their existing database permissions (`"grantedAuthorities"`) entirely. 

For example, if user `DBUSER` has been granted read/write access to database `my_db1` with the following command:

```bash
curl -X PUT --header 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '
{"grantedAuthorities": ["WRITE_REPO_my_db","READ_REPO_my_db"]}' http://localhost:7200/rest/security/users/DBUSER -u "admin:NewAdminPassword"
```

!!! info

>     This command is also run as part of the [`graphdb_setup.sh`]() script for first-time GraphDB backend setup.

Reviewer: Visually distracting for how important this is (already have many boxes). If you think this is important, I'd put it in brackets in the freeform text:

For example, if user `DBUSER` has been granted read/write access to database `my_db1` with the following command + **(this command is run by default when you use `graphdb_setup.sh`)**

To grant `DBUSER` read/write access to a second database `my_db2` (while keeping the existing access to `my_db1`), 
you would rerun the above `curl` command with _all_ permissions (existing and new) specified since the existing permissions list will be overwritten.

So, your new provided permissions list would look as follows:
```json
{"grantedAuthorities": ["WRITE_REPO_my_db1","READ_REPO_my_db1", "WRITE_REPO_my_db2","READ_REPO_my_db2"]}
```

Similarly, to revoke `my_db1` access so `DBUSER` only has access to `my_db2`, 
you would use the following permissions list:
```json
{"grantedAuthorities": ["WRITE_REPO_my_db2","READ_REPO_my_db2"]}
```

> !!! tip "Managing user permissions using the GraphDB Workbench"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
??? tip "Managing user permissions using the GraphDB Workbench"
```

Start collapsed, for the same reason - avoid getting too visually cluttered with boxes

    If you are managing multiple GraphDB databases, the web-based administration interface for a GraphDB instance, the Workbench, 
    might be an easier way to manage user permissions than the REST API.
    More information on using the GraphDB Workbench can be found [here](https://graphdb.ontotext.com/documentation/10.0/workbench-user-interface.html).

### Resetting your GraphDB instance

> If you previously started/completed the first-time graph setup for Neurobagel (i.e., you previously set up a Neurobagel node on your machine) but want to set up your graph database again _from scratch_, 
> the most foolproof way would be to start with a clean GraphDB configuration to avoid conflicts with any credentials or databases that were been previously created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have already set up a Neurobagel node on your machine but want to reset your graph database to start again _from scratch_, 
the most foolproof way would be to start with a clean GraphDB configuration to avoid conflicts with any credentials or databases that were been previously created.

Here are some reasons you might want to reset your GraphDB instance:
- your graphDB instance has stopped working after a configuration change (i.e. your neurobagel node API no longer responds or responds with an error)
- ...
```

Two main comments:
- simplify the text AND
- give some context to WHY I would like to do that. Just saying how I can do it only helps if I already know that I want to reset graphDB - most likely I have no clue that this is what I want
